or else a friend passed me a video told me
that was interesting so see it and
there is life in your life
I am bread and bread and bread and bread and
rotten that I'm your crazy cop I'm
your page here I am your poly pony pony
pony pony what pop assaulted saves me
the map with the population I like the
pituca I am a magician and maicon thiago is the
bandit bandit
that is all
or the pau how is
paula to
I have chocolate
chocolate
I do not know how you convinced me to accompany you
after I've eaten all my
chocolate do not be embittered cousin
also many did not go out to do
something missed you so much
agree let's continue
Look what a cute stuffed animal I want it
I want what I want, you can buy it
yes yes then no
using that little face you will not convince me
again
in the end I ended up giving in to look
we arrived at my channel but
it's not towards the other side but it gave me
lazy looking for a render for that
better let's continue ok you have to add that
it's good that she already returned, milady told her
me lady who is pau is very good
my friend who is now my servant his
name is football he helps me clean
the channel and organize everything
in order to help, it's me who always makes
all that what you do for that I pay you
do not leave me
just to your work and you could help me
once in a while you are the asshole
nomecalles silly damn
shut up
the center
hey and you because you're with black background
little cousin
certainly because this morning when
I came, you were like that
why
they are going to kill us all their great
skill is cheating gold they dominate
the world
we are all destined for our purpose
thanks to them and their hypnotic powers
social cioccolato 'in brainwashing
to many people but with me they are not going to
be able to be everywhere by
hidden
the fast like this or the love you could
stop moles
Hello
better continue
hi what's your name I'm a pleasure
know you have it you're single
he is married he has children you are looking for a girlfriend
thing tura
I want a chocolate
perhaps all your assistants are crazy and
that you still do not know light and steel and
blue
and it's almost 30 so
in good I have not written anything so
what I'm going to say is improvised happy
primita birthday although we do not carry
long time to meet us then the
truth and I already love you very much I've
I could tell you're a boy
great and very good friend
I'm not good with words but if
I wanted to tell you football is birthday and
gift but then I give in private
and the truth and it's going to be something for this
I said you do not know anything else and I'm in another
not good time then it's not worth it
incognito a bad yes and I love you very much
and let his minority pass
in d
Y
happy birthday and obviously happy
birthday to you up green and yours javi
edge kinito up
Yours, happy to meet them
return to fulfill that continue to meet
until the year they continue to take me to I 'm not going to
count the numbers because it's secret so
so so
or I do not know
i love you